yaml support for train endpoint (#6372)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/6354.removal.md

Specifying the parameters `force` and `save_to_default_model_directory` as part of the
JSON payload when training a model using `POST /model/train` is now deprecated.

> Please use the header arguments `force_training` and `save_to_default_model_directory`

Reviewer: aren't these 
```suggestion
Please use the request parameters `force_training` and `save_to_default_model_directory`
```
?

Author: yeah, you're completely right! 🙈
